engine: Editable placeholders (#1316)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/deploy/partials/requirements.adoc

Minimum required Helm version: {supported-helm-version}

https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Install Helm^].

[NOTE]
====
Helm v3.18.0 is not supported due to a bug that causes errors such as:

[.no-copy]
----
Error: INSTALLATION FAILED: execution error at (redpanda/templates/entry-point.yaml:17:4): invalid Quantity expected string or float64 got: json.Number (1)
----

> To avoid this and similar errors, upgrade to Helm v3.18.4 or later. For more details, see the https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/30880[Helm GitHub issue^].

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid similar errors, upgrade to a later version. For more details, see the https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/30880[Helm GitHub issue^].
```
